hi venca Darien I'm responsible for our
applications and ecosystems at Polycom
and I'm here to show you about some of
the cool demos that we have at hims 11
here in Orlando Florida
we were really showcasing the spectra
Lake 84 under serious handsets and the
capabilities that they have we're doing
messaging taking advantage of the
barcode scanning capability some of the
other things that we can integrate such
as with nurse call systems and other
things like that
let me show you a demo here where we're
showing the barcode scanning
capabilities of the 8450 handset tied in
with a typical nursing mobile
workstation these devices which are
sometimes called computer on wheels or
workstation on wheels is essentially a
PC operating on a cart and used for
applications like medication
administration or other other types of
things that require mobility throughout
the healthcare enterprise one of the
things that's a challenge though is that
using a barcode scanner with something
like this if a nurse is using a phone
and they have this phone they're
carrying with them they may work on
several different workstations
throughout the day so we've come up with
a clever application called quick
barcode connect or QVC it allows you to
pair this handset with the nurses
workstation here so the way this works
is it's very simple I just roll up the
cursor up to one of the corners on the
screen and up pops a barcode that
barcode there has encoded information
about the the workstation that I want to
pair with I take the 8450 handset and
just do
scan that barcode on the screen and now
these devices are paired together so now
the information that this is asking for
for example it's asking for my employee
ID information I take a employee ID
badge I scan my my barcode on that badge
and it now has entered my information
now I can enter in the the patient
information using a patient wristband
that's also bar coded scan that and now
it comes up and tells me the information
I need in terms of what sort of
medication is supposed to be given to
that patient so I scan the the actual
barcode on the medication as well and
then will give me a verification that
I'm doing the right thing the beauty of
this is that it means that I could take
this device and go very quickly into a
workstation do a quick association with
this handset and then go off and do my
other duties I don't have to worry about
you know keeping track of which station
I'm associated with and it makes it very
flexible for the nursing to carry
nursing staff to carry these devices and
still work with the cards that they use